MySQL receiver updated from contrib collector (#2)
observIQ/opentelemetry-components: receiver/mysqlreceiver/README.md

# MySQL Receiver

The MySQL receiver is designed to retrieve MySQL Global Status and InnoDB data from a single MySQL instance, build, build metrics from that data, and send them to the next consumer at a configurable interval. Configuration options for connecting to the database are also required.

> :construction: This receiver is in beta and configuration fields are subject to change.

## Details

The MySQL `SHOW GLOBAL STATUS` and `information_schema.innodb_metrics` table contain information and statistics about a MySQL server status (see [https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/server-status-variables.html](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/server-status-variables.html) and for details). The MySQL receiver extracts values from the results and converts them to open telemetry metrics. Details about the metrics produce by the MySQL receiver can be found in [metadata.yaml](metadata.yaml).

> 

Author: will fix

## Configuration

> :information_source: This receiver is in beta and configuration fields are subject to change.

> MySQL receiver supports MySQL version 8.0.25

Author: Will fix

The following settings are required to create a database connection:

- `user`

> - `password`

Author: I believe they are still required. I tired removing env files like password and I was getting No password error.

Error: Expected nil, but got: &mysql.MySQLError{Number:0x415, Message:"Access denied for user ''@'172.17.0.1' (using password: NO)"}

Error: Expected nil, but got: &mysql.MySQLError{Number:0x415, Message:"Access denied for user 'otel'@'172.17.0.1' (using password: NO)"}

# MySQL Receiver

The MySQL receiver is designed to retrieve MySQL Global Status and InnoDB data from a single MySQL instance, build, build metrics from that data, and send them to the next consumer at a configurable interval. Configuration options for connecting to the database are also required.

> :construction: This receiver is in beta and configuration fields are subject to change.

## Details

The MySQL `SHOW GLOBAL STATUS` and `information_schema.innodb_metrics` table contain information and statistics about a MySQL server status (see [https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/server-status-variables.html](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/server-status-variables.html) and for details). The MySQL receiver extracts values from the results and converts them to open telemetry metrics. Details about the metrics produce by the MySQL receiver can be found in [metadata.yaml](metadata.yaml).

## Prerequisites

> There are 2 queries that are used to collect metrics, `globalstatus` and `innodb_metrics`. There's a lot of overlap between them, and the `globalstatus` can collect all but the `buffer_pool_size` metric which requires the `innodb_metrics` query. The `innodb_metrics` query can be enabled by running [setup.sh](/receiver/mysqlreceiver/testdata/scripts/setup.sh) file which makes the database permission changes. The [Dockerfile.mysql](testdata/Dockerfile.mysql) reference to this file that is placed in a scripts directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collecting most metrics requires the ability to execute `SHOW GLOBAL STATUS`. The `buffer_pool_size` metric requires access to the `information_schema.innodb_metrics` table. Please refer to [setup.sh](/receiver/mysqlreceiver/testdata/scripts/setup.sh) for an example of how to configure these permissions. 
```

Cleaning this up a bit.

Author: will fix
